to determine if a string has all unique characters, there are a few different methods I can implement:
    1. The brute force method: I use two nested for loops to iterate through the string. the outer for loop iterates through the string once and chooses which character we are going to check for uniqueness. The inner loop will walk through the string again and compare the character we have chosen with all of the other characters. If they are equal, we will return false. If both loops complete without returning False, we return True since we have proven the string is unique. O(n^2) time complexity and O(1) space complexity
    2. We can use a hashmap and walk through the string once. At each character, we will simply check if it is in the hashmap. If so, return false. If we can iterate through the entire string without returning false, return true since its unique. O(n) time complexity and O(n) space complexity
    3. Using a bit vector, we can map the entire alphabet, or ASCII if that is the scope of the string, into an array. if we come across a character, set that character's index in the array to 1. you will need to perform some kind of mapping to get the letter into the index (a=1,b=2, etc or something similar). Time complexity is O(n) and space complexity is O(n), but you are using less space since you are only representing each character as a bit and not storing the larger value.
    4. Sort the string and have a sliding window comparing two characters that are next to each other. If any match, return false. Time complexity is O(nlogn) due to the sort and space complexity is O(1) since no other data structure is used. Technically, since strings are immutable in python, we canot reorder the chars. the string would have to be mapped to a list or be given to use as a list of chars in the first place. if we were using c/c++ and stored it as a char array, we could then do it in place without any extra space.

Follow ups:
If we want to not use additional data structures, I believe we have to use method 4 or  method 1.
If we want to solve it in O(nlogn) time, we use method 4 because of the sorting involved.